people are gonna be like what the fuck i
thought you torque and the mortal hated
each other hey everybody's golden Black
Hawk we're bringing the heist to you and
we got utorak double-oh-seven hammy and
immortalhd we haven't had any experience
playing together yet just so everyone
knows using really know okay what the
hell is is game wisely I scared shitless
already cuz what do you think we're like
oh wait we're just the way we look hey
sup it's what the hell are you doing you
to keep your changing my sound but the
mouse doesn't like look stop looking up
look at the light there i know i press
the state's go on options and to move
the faucet who's the head as well why is
everyone so tall like I don't know I my
social life I like in line would just
share my every plague from their neck
like what the good what do we have to do
find the bank manager we gotta find the
bank merger I think he's a part well hey
look at what like lied about dude why'd
he kill a from the cutting but I walk
you were just sliding around all right
and I must roll on the like the one
closest to you gotta cover my butt on
the server deleting the pawn I'm to
leaving home now I'm shit aquellos yeah
at the popcorn goddamn it I need you
guys so much yeah the phone's gone sir
what's going there's no way i'm skipping
out motherfucker
hazing me I'm still being an icon you
anything all right so i think uh oh I
think we failed this one another line
why are we doing on odd why gentlemen
follow me up this deck um converge at
this all right yeah how about the guy
look okay what Oh police are here jump
good you glad you like slow down yes
about the bottom door oh shit no there I
don't need any coffee are the rock
coffee oh yeah oh yeah we're going hammy
shut up we don't need coffee you're the
worst bank robber ever why you having
your hero oh shit hood ones that touch
me Jamie get up watch me that you
covered money over yeah oh my god
there's like a sea of them I've been
tazed it i suck your dick what wait what
oh no let's go just keep going what the
hell are you rock he pulls the finger
fuck oh fuck down
oh fuck down baby what the fuck are you
doing here guys this is serious
hopefully in about 30 thing I've got
this like are you stupid civilian Oh
stupid civilian up many I'm getting too
old I shit I killed a civilian ah get
down don't huh oh fuck I cure another
one god damn good you're gonna take
forever to get ready the plane tharam on
it
you
big guy special oh yeah hey what's up at
the ammo bag you want them me oh it's me
why are you talking to all who seek
challenge oh shut up punch him in the
fucking face okay do we gonna go stop
eating them they die they don't know how
to hell he just took me down how are you
down Wow so what happened maybe just in
it to have enjoyed sliding across the
driver oh yeah look at me I'm up here
bitches other but you get out there I'm
not telling you how is he moving a lot
of life how is he still alive Hey look
no dude is too good good good you good
you look at me thats hanging off gonna
need to get to his left and resign you
who it is oh dude sir will you do call
Dubrow oh oh my god why are you living
now
your thighs is doing yes it's a circle
okay okay okay I thought he had to climb
the ladder I thought we failed when this
thing came up i just lost I want fiction
Calvin my told he was it go worth it
150,000 killed Lee Twitter all right
still worth it